Be explicit about rejecting malformed messages (#719)
ietf-wg-ppm/draft-ietf-ppm-dap: draft-ietf-ppm-dap.md

timestamps. The duration MUST be a multiple of `time_precision`. If `duration %
time_precision > 0`, then the interval is malformed.

> Any message containing a malformed `Time` or `Duration` is in turn malformed.

Author: Yeah, 1102 and 1110-1111 explain what a malformed `Time` and `Duration` are, respectively. The purpose of this line is to make explicit that the malformedness "propagates" to an enclosing `Interval` or in turn to an enclosing `UploadReq` or `AggregationJobInitReq` or whatever, even though such a value is possible to construct.

I'm being picky here because I think this is load bearing: elsewhere we say how aggregators MUST behave in the face of malformed messages (generally reject them with some error), so we want to be crisp about what it means for a message to be malformed. But I could be convinced that this is so obvious that we can delete this sentence.

> Any message containing a malformed `Time` or `Duration` is in turn malformed.

Reviewer: I definitely don't want to delete this sentence. I was thinking more like (but I actually don't _like_ this phrasing, just to illustrate):

```suggestion
Any message containing a malformed  `Duration` is in turn malformed, just as with malformed `Time`.
```

1. Check that the input share can be decoded as specified by the VDAF. If not,
   the input share MUST be marked as invalid with the error `invalid_message`.

> 1. Check that the report's timestamp is well-formed as specified in

Reviewer: I just want to check my own understanding here. We've removing this part of the algorithm because the command `the Aggregator MUST mark the input share as invalid with error 'invalid_message'` is incorrect. 

In contrast to the next three checks, we actually want a malformed timestamp _in any report_ to cause the whole `AggregationJobInitReq` to be rejected, not the individual report.

Author: Yeah: the other checks are errors that could be caused by an individual client that's buggy or otherwise defective, and we don't want that to spoil the entire aggregation job, much as we don't want a single invalid proof to spoil the rest of the job.

However, an aggregation job containing a malformed timestamp indicates a defect in the leader, which is either inserting bad timestamps when it constructs aggregation jobs or failing to weed them out when it handles uploads from clients. It seems to me that we want to noisily fail there so that the problem with the leader can be investigated, right?
